[Music]
look I got something to tell you guys
about backup from your phone you're too
close okay honestly that cat looked a
little spooky but not as spooky as this
Netflix of horror shudder shudder is the
home of the chills and thrills the
twists and turns the horror and suspense
right at your fingertips
you got classics you got exclusives and
you got the extreme you know me and you
we'd be speaking that language alive no
we what's that you want to know how to
even stream shudder Apple devices
Android devices Apple TV Roku Xbox one I
mean did I mention that um won't watch
any ads at all your Sriman ad-free oh
look it's cannibal ferox thanks to
shudder I got a viewing of it well
before getting it on DVD
Plus shudder has it uncensored with all
the extreme scenes that were taken out
in all the other releases now to know
something about me I enjoy the classics
a lot as soon as I saw a Halloween or a
Texas Chainsaw Massacre I watched both
right away back to back even though I
seen them plenty of times before and you
know I love the Korean horror films guys
a tale of two sisters has been the
number one Korean horror film I've been
eyeing for a while and I streamed it
with haste but these shutter exclusives
are so awesome - like don't even let me
tell you about the r8 revenge movie
revenge I for an eye is an instant
stream
easily they are always adding new titles
new exclusives like porn or Bri from
Hale or Creek show among others Plus
shutter creates these awesome
collections for you to dive deep into
various genres you know we got some
history and this one right here though
so shudder is your host of a sensual hor
content for $5.99 a month or 56 99 years
but how about you just try it out for 30
days see how you like it see what you
think get started streaming today after
this video of course and get 30 days
free by going to shudder DICOM and using
the code spooky when you sign up try out
shudder 30 days free by going to sugar
dot-com and using that coast
boo-ki when you sign up look even the
buttons shudder just clap it up a
shudder for sponsoring this video
cannibal ferox is what I thought
Cannibal Holocaust would be like like
Cannibal Holocaust before it and the
green inferno after cannibal ferox deals
with some young Americans venturing into
the green inferno this time it's the sea
of glorious theory that cannibalism
doesn't exist this truth yikes look
looks like she should get another
dissertation topic if she survives of
course you're gonna see the common
themes relevant to that cannibal boom
and this film has grossed cannibalism
and animal cruelty that rivals Cannibal
Holocaust if you want to see what
happens including all the messed up
parts stay tuned for the breakdown q2
Gohan bro this movie got a groovy ass
theme Sanford and Son ass opening as you
can see we are in New York the streets
are bustling but we are following some
random dude who won't matter he's
looking for Mike a drug dealer but it
looks like he's not the only one looking
Mike ripped off these kind Souls here
and they commit murder in broad daylight
thinking this random guy was in cahoots
with their target
remember this Mike person okay we would
get to him later now let's go all the
way down to Columbia
here's that green inferno again now
again we are following three more young
college students they're pretty smart
though well these two at least let me
introduce you to the gorgeous Gloria who
is on her way to her doctorate the
righteous Rudy pretty darn smart brother
of Gloria and the thought Pat they are
looking for the monk Oya village but the
locals say that place doesn't even exist
even if it does it's pretty dangerous
over there
when Koya is apparently host to
organized cannibalism its glorious
mission to disprove that rumor since her
dissertation is based on the theory that
there has never been any systematic
cannibalism here or anywhere in history
Pat is just along for the ride
speaking of writing the three of their
vehicles trapped in mud twice actually
making them the laughing
stocke of the locals at some point they
come across a native man eating those
fat ass larvae things looks like the
three should turn back because now they
are in the rolling heights of all's
country these natives they're wary the
next morning they are awakened by their
little pet getting killed and anaconda
kills it slowly I won't show it but it
seems to be filmed separate from the
actors reactions almost like they threw
the two animals together and just family
what happened soon they find two dead
native people though randomly two
survivors come across the gallows and
Rudy you have the injured one named to
Jo and the tough [ __ ] named Mike you
remember Mike he was the unseen figure
that the poor shot was looking for in
the beginning well it turns out he fled
to Colombia in search for sure source of
cocaine he tells our young students that
they escaped from captivity with the
help of those two dead natives Gloria is
already feeling like her dissertation
might be wrong when Mike explains the
cannibalism committed by the group so
the two groups join forces to escape the
dangerous natives roaming about the next
day they find Gloria missing the two
drug barons lead the charge to find her
but let me just tell you something this
movie has a lot of nature is meadow
scenes this big cat bites and murders a
little monkey again
this is film separate from the actors of
course that's not all they find Gloria
in a trap getting bullied by some little
boar thing I guess Mike kills it like
really actually kills it on screen
I've seen more dangerous goats like
there was no need for that eventually
the group all go to some village that
injure one Joe has a fever though
because his wound is infected Mike is
the evil one suggesting leaving his own
partner behind he submits to the group
and just wastes it out now anybody care
that Pat gets it on with anybody but
she's [ __ ] Pat footpad because she and
Mike get hopped up on cocaine and decide
to bully two native kids playing around
they wasn't just bullying them they were
gonna kill them
Pat is out of her league and she
otice but mike seems to have some crazy
bloodlust he deserved to be hunted down
by the natives he shoots the young lady
here
this man Rudy though he knocked Mike
flat on his ass he had to pull a gun out
just to feel tough the fight ends
because Joe is relapsing they need a
special tree root to bring down that
fever later we see the natives kill a
big turtle just like in Cannibal
Holocaust when the camera crew killed
the big turtle this movie is at least on
par with Cannibal Holocaust when it
comes to that animal cruelty probably
look we know Mike is not just any old
drug dealer he's sadistic and it's the
reason why the natives are up in arms
Joe tells everybody the real reason why
he's injured Mike lied and said they
were just attacked or whatever but in
reality Mike's blood thirst had him kill
various natives literally torturing them
for no reason that's Joe watch now there
is more sympathy for the natives but
still their bloodthirsty cannibals even
worse Rudy and Gloria discovered that
[ __ ] Pat ran off with Mike along with
all the supplies once Joe dies it's the
two siblings all on their own they find
a rotten papaya meant to place a curse
on them meaning that they are at the
wrath of the natives who want to take
revenge we can see what they are capable
of when they mutilate Joe's body
grabbing out guts and all kinds of
organs chewing on it - hell yeah after
saying that I'd be running - looks like
they can't get too far they are
completely surrounded and brought back
to the camp but the good thing is that
those two traitors got captured - now
it's time for Mike to get that eye for
an eye treatment now it's not as graphic
as cannibal or Cannibal Holocaust but he
gets his penis cut off I am at it and
honestly I ain't mad at it I am at it it
is what it is [ __ ] Mike [ __ ] Mike
but [ __ ] cannibalism does exist and
Gloria sees that even more the natives
didn't want to kill him yet his penis
was just a snack and he surprisingly
gets over that injury quickly they bring
everybody to a new village but Rudy and
Gloria
organized an escape attempt on that boat
right there Gloria causes a disruption
and Rudy runs away like planned injured
he carefully hides but his bleeding leg
attracts piranhas it doesn't end well
for him and he literally starts calling
out for help from the Nadeau's Rudy
actually dies quickly when they shoot a
dart into him well he did have some
injury before but it seems like he got a
quicker way out than anybody else which
is good because Rudy was a cool guy he
was a cool dude
Pat and Gloria are stuck inside a hole
in the ground
it's here that Gloria blames themselves
for the treatment they are getting we
civilize people in our superior and
selfish way of living later Mike digs
himself out of his cage he attacks a
guard but in the meantime a sympathetic
native gifts the girls a rope so they
can escape Mike scares him away and cuts
the rope for some reason I don't even
see him as a human being at this point
like what is out with this this organism
evil gosh long story short might didn't
get too far even though a rescue playing
with his fuck-buddy inside is flying
around now we get to the meaty torture
as punishment they stick him in a
special table and slash his head right
off helping them pick at his brains and
eat a snack
next is Pat who has each breast impaled
with a hook she is hain like this until
she dies slowly which Gloria has to
watch
they keep Gloria alive for being
world-beating it I guess but that
sympathetic native helps her again he
cut those buying these right off and
leaves her away from those bloodthirsty
natives I'm glad that people can help
and understand each other on these
levels of survival
unfortunately the sympathetic one is
killed by traps laid by his own people
and this leaves Gloria all by herself to
get away now I'm guessing the next
morning some animal trappers are boating
around when they hear screaming it's
then that they discover Gloria on her
last legs and that's it Gloria survives
this ordeal so three months pass and
looks like Gloria is graduating with
that doctor as she earned
remember she was writing that
cannibalism doesn't exist well despite
what she's seen she kept that very
intact
she hid all the cannibalistic secrets of
the forest to forget all about her
ordeal and to keep civilization from
playing around with native groups also
it probably would have been a hassle to
find a new topic the movie ends at
Gloria accepts her whatever still
affected by those legends of cannibal
ferox well I really like that better
than Cannibal Holocaust honestly but we
are done yet let's talk about the
mostest third moment and most enjoy a
moment and that's spooky stuff cue to go
home you know I always shooted this film
as if it would be an unofficial sequel
to Cannibal Holocaust honestly I like
this one more even though the random
animal deaths were unnecessary perhaps
it was just a result of the times though
the most disturbing moment should be
when Mike had his penis cut off but he
bounced back from that too quick and he
really kind of deserved it
now Pat's slow death was kind of painful
I'd hate to die in such a way so I'll
guess I'll choose that this is not
including all of the animal deaths the
most enjoyment is probably when hi Kiki
my god his penis cut off I enjoy seeing
him getting punished nah I guess I would
just like how the cannibalism was
portrayed like how Mike had his head
slash stuff like that however I'd still
expect the natives to heat up their food
before they eat it oh and that's it I
hope you guys enjoyed this video
I never seen any of you recommend this
movie but it's been on my list for a
while Cannibal Holocaust right there in
case you want to go back on the right
cannibal a very gross cannibalistic
movie remember try checking out shudder
for that 30-day free trial
I'm sure you will enjoy it thanks for
watching spooky out